OSDOCS-2443: Adding support for installing a cluster to AWS China regions (#35550)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-configuration-parameters.adoc

= Installation configuration parameters

// If install-config.yaml is generated by openshift-install
ifndef::bare,ibm-power,ibm-z,aws-china,aws-gov[]
Before you deploy an {product-title} cluster, you provide parameter values to describe your account on the cloud platform that hosts your cluster and optionally customize your cluster's platform. When you create the `install-config.yaml` installation configuration file, you provide values for the required parameters through the command line. If you customize your cluster, you can modify the `install-config.yaml` file to provide more details about the platform.
endif::bare,ibm-power,ibm-z,aws-china,aws-gov[]
// If the user manually creates install-config.yaml
ifdef::bare,ibm-power,ibm-z[]
Before you deploy an {product-title} cluster, you provide a customized `install-config.yaml` installation configuration file that describes the details for your environment.
endif::bare,ibm-power,ibm-z[]

ifdef::aws-china,aws-gov[]

> Before you deploy an {product-title} cluster, you modify the installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`) to describe your environment. While there are other required parameters, it is important to note that you must specify:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you deploy an {product-title} cluster modify the installation configuration file (`install-config.yaml`) to describe your environment. While there are other required parameters, you must specify:
```

Simplified for minimalism.

Author: Thank you.

* The platform and region to which you are installing the cluster.

> * The name of the RHCOS Amazon machine image (AMI) that you created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The name of the {op-system} Amazon machine image (AMI) that you created.
```

Author: Thank you.
